follow up pr to instant onboarding  & add as second device scanner improvements (#3801)
deltachat/deltachat-desktop: CHANGELOG.md

- add quick key `Cmd+W`/`Ctrl+W` to close webxdc-, html_email- and help-window #3770 #3778
- Accept images from clipboard in QR reader #3762
- Introduce new `Spinner` component #3786
- Instant Onboarding #3773 #3801

> - Add steps to add as second device qr code scan dialog #3801

Reviewer: this is hard to understand, maybe the following:

```suggestion
- Add instructions and troubleshooting button to "Add as Second Device" dialog #3801
```
